#summary This is the main help page for Memento Browser.
#labels Help

= Summary =

Memento Browser allows you view web pages as they used to look in the past. These older versions are called "Mementos". To see an older version of the web page you are currently viewing, click the *Request* date button and select the date of the page you'd like to see. The browser will attempt to find a page that was archived on that precise date, and it will load the page with the closet date that it could find.

After choosing a date, you can use the *<* and *>* buttons to navigate to other archived versions of the web page. Or you may view all the archived versions available by clicking the *List Mementos* button from the main menu. If you select an item from the list of available Mementos, the selected item will then appear in the browser.

If you're finished time-traveling and want to return to how the web page looks today, click the *Return to Present* button in the main menu.

= Date and Time Format =

You can change the date and time format by selecting *Settings* from the main menu and then selecting *Date & time settings*. Any changes to the settings will affect how the date and time are displayed in other applications.

= Timegates =

You may add your own custom timegates by selecting *Settings* from the main menu and selecting *Add timegate*. It is recommended you not add your own timegates unless you really know what you are doing. The default timegate at mementoproxy.lanl.gov cannot be deleted.

= Memento =

Memento is an addition to the HTTP protocol which allows a client to request an archived web resource from a specific date and time. Technical details about Memento can be found at the [http://mementoweb.org/ Memento website].

= About =

Memento Browser was created by [http://www.harding.edu/fmccown/ Frank McCown] at Harding University.  The browser is currently displaying archived pages from a number of sources:
 * [http://www.archive.org/ Internet Archive]
 * [http://webcitation.org/ WebCite]
 * and others...